c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\bin\Debug\Services.exe.config
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\bin\Debug\Services.exe
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\bin\Debug\Services.pdb
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\obj\Debug\Services.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\obj\Debug\Services.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\obj\Debug\Services.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\obj\Debug\Services.exe
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\obj\Debug\Services.pdb
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\obj\Debug\Services.Form1.resources
c:\users\hugo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\obj\Debug\Services.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Hugo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\obj\Debug\Services.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Hugo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\obj\Debug\Services.Form4.resources
C:\Users\Hugo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Services\Services\obj\Debug\Services.Form5.resources
